= Gondola

Gondola is a ruby gem which aims to bridge the gap between two very prominent, open source, quality assurance tools, Selenium IDE and Sauce Labs.
Many quality assurance professionals who don't have the necessary technical skills to write Selenium webdriver-based unit tests prefer to do their
web regression testing using solely the Selenium IDE and then exporting those test cases by some means to Sauce Labs' system.

Gondola offers an easier and more convenient system for dispatching tests written in Selenium IDE to a Sauce Labs account. Gondola transforms the html
that Selenium IDE produces by default and ships it to Sauce Labs across a number of browsers in parallel. Test suites and projects can be easily organized
with simple file directory structures.

Beyond the console application that comes with the gem, Gondola offers a small API for integrating Gondola's features into custom web apps. This allows
a user to bring Gondola's simplicity into an existing testing suite or a new web application. Specifically, we have a plan to write a sample Gondola web
app to demonstrate its power.  

== Installation

Installation is simple simply type
  gem install gondola
and everything should be set up for you. 
 * You may run into problems if rubygems' executable path is not in your `$PATH` environment variable. See rubygems' documentation
   for more details.

== Basic Use

== Integrating with an existing product

== Contributing to gondola
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Agora Games. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

